but 9375 for dennis anderson his work is
now done I spent a lot of time prepping
for that day I worked out a lot I made a
lot of toasty bun buns because a
complete breakfast with toasty bun buns
is great tasting angry for you can you
read your last line please
[Music]
are we there yet I know who you are
you're the BMX guy right for me probably
have my bike bikes isn't trunk stupid
you can plain like a little sissy but
you don't do anything about it
drive us to the nearest paper let's get
you back to the old yet how'd you even
get in here
now do you those flippy things flippy
things yeah bike around spin flip do
whatever it is you do but trying to have
fun this time and the world is not your
back
and your heart is at your feet the best
way to go
[Music]
sugar in my hand Melton everywhere in
the sunshine
[Music]
you